welcome to healthy meals one two three
I'm a big fan of soups especially light
and healthy ones
this viñales sweet-and-sour shrimp soup
called canoe down is best served over
steamed wise here are the ingredients
elephant ears them bean sprouts tomato
pineapple fish sauce water tamarind
concentrate shrimp and palm sugar after
preparation we have 2 cups of water 3
tbsp of tamarind concentrate 2 tbsp of
fish sauce 1/3 cup of grated palm sugar
1 tomato seeded and cut into bite-size
wedges 8 medium size shrimp shell on
head on trimmed washed and patted dry
with paper towel one cup of elephant
ears them puked and sliced diagonally
into bite-size chunks and 1/2 cup of
fresh pineapple cut into bite-size
chunks and 1 cup of bean sprouts washed
and drained for a list of ingredients
and helpful tips check out the About
section
first pour water Tamaran fish sauce and
sugar in a medium sized pot uncovered
bring to a boil over high heat once
boiled add in the tomato shrimp elephant
ear stem pineapple and bean sprouts
let it cook for two minutes then remove
the pot on the heat with the lid on let
the ingredients absorb the flavors for
an hour or two for complete meal serve
this sweet-and-sour shrimp soup hot and
over steamed rice for more new recipes
click subscribe thanks for watching see
you in the next recipe